Update logistics.md (#29)
geo-smart/2023-hackweek-website: book/logistics.md

* Tutorials and courses will occur in [Alder Hall](https://goo.gl/maps/GebqB5Gk6hoA3rq1A), with entrance from the ground
  level on the south side.
* Guests attending via Zoom will be sent a link at 8:00 a.m. (PDT) via the general Slack channel to join at 8:30 a.m. (PDT) each morning
* Doors open at 8:30 am each morning (Monday-Friday). We will start the morning
  sessions at 9:00 am sharp.
* Due to space limitations, only registered GeoSMART participants will be allowed
  to attend the tutorials and open working sessions.

> * Participants are expected to attend all scheduled activities. Contact [geohack@uw.edu](mailto:geohack@uw.edu)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Participants are expected to attend all scheduled activities. Contact {{ contact_email }}
```

(the {{}} fields get filled automatically by the website build script and are set here  https://github.com/geo-smart/2023-hackweek-website/blob/main/book/_config.yml#L12

see: https://geosmart.hackweek.io/logistics.html
